9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong, you're watching the
China show. I'm Yvon Man with Annabelle
Jewelers. We're counting down to the
open of markets in greater China. And
our top stories this morning, risk
assets in the red as Amazon's AI
spending plans [music] and weak US jobs
data spook investors. Chinese stocks
also set for their biggest weekly drop
since November. HSBC prepares to slash
and in some cases scrap bonuses for
underperforming bankers. The details of
that Bloomberg [music] scoop coming up.
>> Meanwhile, weekend elections in focus
with Japan set for a lower house vote.
The latest poll polls rather putting
Prime Minister Snay Taki on track for a
bigger majority.
And I'm hust in Bangkok where voters are
also headed for the ballot boxes facing
more of the political [music]
instability that's turned Thailand into
one of the region's economic legards.
>> [music]
>> uh it feels a lot like Groundhog Day.
You take a look when it comes to this
tech sell off and once again we've come
full circle and you're seeing it very
much uh here in Asia with Korea where
you continue to see downside there. uh
we've come off some of the initial 5%
drop on the costby, but we're still
talking about some pretty uh decent
decent uh sell-off here to really end
the week. And really that we're we're
tracking on the first weekly loss for
for Korean stocks all year. So certainly
that's one thing to watch here is you
know the spillover effect from this
whole anthropic story. You add the
Amazon earnings and that huge capex
number I think is still finding we're
finding hard you know reasons to really
kind of prevent this sell off here right
now.
>> Yeah. And I think it also becomes quite
all-encompassing because it's it's not
just stocks that are being hit, it's
commodities, it's crypto, you know,
there's lots of different parts of the
market that are really feeling this pain
this morning. But yeah, to your point, I
mean, anthropic was the big story. We
got another release on anthropic, but
for the foundation model, again, that's
the financial services sector now that's
perhaps getting rethought around those
traditional models. So, it's it's very
very broad-based, but I think yeah, that
Amazon number really stood out in terms
of of the overall capex plans for
>> 200 billion. I mean, and that follows
what Alphabet came out with just a day
ago. So, certainly uh for for investors,
I think they're saying, you know, the
message is stop spending when it comes
to AI because you're seeing a very
fierce reaction to it here right now.
Yeah. Continuing for another day.
>> And I think it's it'll be interesting to
track as well that rotation trade
because we've been really talking about
Yeah. the AI parts of the market were
feeling the pain, but we were seeing
that rally maybe broadening out and
investors preferring areas like like
value for instance and the smaller
midcaps. But what was interesting
overnight in the session, you saw that
broader retreat for the S&P 500s. That's
very much the MAG 7 story, but actually
on an equal weighted basis, you also saw
a drop from an all-time high.
>> Yeah. And I I mean crypto continues to
be doing its own thing, but I think
we're watching some key levels, right?
Um, obviously when it comes to silver,
that's also one thing to watch. If we
hit 70, I think that certainly is that
sort of cut off, you know, make or break
sort of moment. Um, but crypto markets
are continuing to see a massive sell-off
here. I mean, you talked about strategy
and what's been going on there. That's
just really kind of amplifying the
concerns there too.
>> Yeah, certainly. Yeah, just that sort of
DAT uh digital asset treasury model
that's very much under thread and we saw
that in strategies latest numbers. But
let's just take a look at those market
boards then because as we said it's
really a lot of red this morning that
you can see here. So the broader index
is off 6/10 of a percent. You've still
got S&P 500 futures that are in the red
this morning as well. Uh where you are
seeing some some bigger moves really is
still in that commodity space. You can
see gold that's tracking down 3% there.
Silver likewise as Avon was mentioning.
we've we've really uh way off like a
third in fact uh of of value has been
lost since it touched an all-time high
last week. So you're seeing again just
under that 70 level for silver there
already in the session. The Cosby, let's
just take a quick check on that because
as Ivon mentioned, yeah, we maybe have
picked up a little bit uh from from the
lows of the day, but still where you're
seeing a lot of that pain is in in the
big chip names SKH Highix, Samsung as
So, it's that broader AI trade. Of
course, foreign selling, a lot of
foreign selling going on there. In fact,
yesterday we saw foreign funds
offloading $3.4 billion worth of Cosby
shares and that's the most ever we've
seen on a single day basis. Crypto as
well because of of course Bitcoin, as we
said, tracking that level here. You were
earlier down closer to that 60,000
60,000 mark rather little bit upside,
but really just put it in the context. I
mean, Bitcoin's now raised about half of
its value since it reached a record high
four months ago. And then how does it
set us up for China this morning for
trading? I think what was interesting
overnight, actually, the golden de
golden dragon index end of the day in
the in the green. You can see there 9/10
of a percent to the upside doesn't look
like it's going to maybe translate over
to Chinese equities this morning.
>> We'll see. It was interesting when you
take a look at HS Tech yesterday late in
the session. uh we actually saw some
last minute sort of buying uh that led
to them reversing some of the losses and
actually ended up in the green. Um so
we'll see how that plays out southbound
side of things, how flows are doing here
today. But yes, it is a massive wave
though across assets on what's really
been going on given some of this uh tech
worries here as well. And let's talk
about what what led to it this time
might be Amazon. We saw the shares take
a really a canning in late trade after
the company announced plans to spend
that $200 billion you just mentioned
this year on data centers, chips, and
other equipment. And that's leaving
investors worried that its AI bets may
not pay off in the long run. Let's bring
in our e-commerce reporter, Spencer
Soaper. He joins us from Seattle. Of
course, he covers all things Amazon.
Spencer, certainly the headline was the
200 billion in terms of capex. What else
stood out to you in these earnings?
>> Yeah, I mean that really was the big
number. everything else about the
earnings. Print was was pretty good. You
know, they had a good fourth quarter,
good holiday season. Um, their Amazon
Web Services is is growing. You know,
their cloud computing division is
growing quickly, but everything was
overshadowed by this $200 billion uh
capital expenditure number that they
disclosed for the for the year. Um, and
it it just really got investors
questioning um you know, how
enthusiastic Amazon is with the with
this spending.
Where do we go then from from here? I
mean, how how much I guess it seems like
investors maybe have run out of patience
a little bit, but but what does the the
the road map look for this year? And and
how can Amazon also convince investors
this is the right way forward aside from
waiting, I guess, for for more numbers
from from AWS?
>> Yeah, exactly. That's the thing. This is
this is going to be, you know, play out
for months, right? And that's exactly
what happened on the call. analysts were
really just trying to look for any kind
of signal, begging uh CEO Andy Jasse
like, "Hey, you're real confidence
confident about this. Help us help us
understand your confidence um and and
bring us along." And he and and a couple
of one of them even asked about guard
rails, you know, what what kind of guard
rails do you have to make sure you're
not spending too much? And Jasse really
didn't have an answer for that. and he
basically just said this is a this is an
extraordinary uh opportunity for us uh
to forever change the size of AWS and
Amazon as a whole and he said we're
going to we're going to keep spending
aggressively to maintain our uh our our
leading position in in cloud computing
and and artificial intelligence. So it
is it is a bit of a standoff for now and
yeah I mean the proof will be in the
pudding uh with Amazon showing some you
know some better uh indications that
this bet is paying off o over time
>> e-commerce is still the bread and butter
of the business. So do you think that
given where we saw good numbers there
and and they're they're increasing
automation for instance making some
other changes. They had that strong
holiday quarter. Can the gains that we
see there sort of offset I guess that
that spending do you think in 2026?
>> No. I mean e-commerce is probably the
bread of the business but not
necessarily the butter. You know the
butter is still the cloud computing
side. Um you know that's where the
profit that's where most of the profit
comes you know. So, so it really all
eyes are on are on cloud computing. We
almost joke, you know, it's like it's
almost like there's two Amazons, right?
There's the Amazon that consumers know
that they buy from regularly, order
things online, and then there's the the
Amazon that investors know. And it it's
it's really increasingly just focused on
uh cloud computing and the future of
artificial intelligence. And as long as
the e-commerce business is, you know,
operating within certain margins, it's
it's really it's really an afterthought
for investors these days.
>> All right, I love that. Yeah, the bread,
not the butter. Okay, that was Spencer
Soaper, there Bloomberg reporter
covering this company very closely. But
let's also get on, I think, to the other
story that was big overnight because it
was, yes, we had the Amazon numbers and
investors were really looking closely at
that. But the other thing that we're
watching really closely was this new
release from Anthropic. Yeah, this is
different from what we saw earlier this
week, which was the AI tools that can
sort through legal documents. This is
talking about financial research this
time around. So, I think it's almost
become a proxy this whole anthropic
story about, you know, what can AI
really disrupt
>> and really maybe potentially really
royal in terms of industries. And I
think there's a lot of questions here
on, you know, what that is going to look
like for some of these companies moving
forward.
>> Yeah, that's right. I think Yeah. So,
this this week was about updates to
Claude Co-work. That was the legal side.
that's the AI agent and this is about
opus and and that's the foundation model
essentially called opus but 4.6 six
being the latest iteration of that and
and yes to your point just having those
financial capabilities and you saw that
again I mean this week it was really
about those software players getting hit
this is the financial services companies
now that are feeling that pressure
>> all right uh let's talk a little bit
more about this and what this means for
this part of the world EM equities and
like and bring in SJA senior investment
specialist at BMP Paraba asset
management it's it's great to have you
on the program how should I be looking
at this this sort of tech selloff here
do you think this is all very just AI
specific or or does it spark some sort
of D-rating in in tech?
>> We think that in our uh in our outlook
report to our client and the end of last
year, we highlight that the sustain
sustainability of the US AI rally would
be the key risk to watch for this year.
So we were waiting to our client and we
won't be surprised that if you look at
the Korean market, we should not forget
that the market went up almost double
last year and uh by a third in the first
months of this year. So we think the
market may be go too too fast too far
and last week even we observe some kind
of like Korean domestic investors they
diversify into the Chinese equity stocks
looking for those kind of diversified AI
story. I think China in this kind of
context offer a kind of more broader AI
story than the US equity market.
>> Yeah. So the pain I guess that we're
seeing in the US and Korea today, you
think that we have sort of seen China
being the counterweight to to other
markets in the past as that thing
continue then for the for the
foreseeable.
>> Yeah, maybe here we may offer some
nuance for the AI story. So lots of like
I believe no guys can walk out of this
studio without talking about AI. But
when we're talking about AI, when we're
talking about AI story in US equity
market is pursuing pursuing AGI through
large model.
>> But China's AI story is slightly
different from the US AI story. If you
look at the AI is about data model and
applications and if you we are talking
about a large language model, I believe
that 99.9% of the data on this planet,
they don't speak in English. So which
means that China not only in looking and
the pursuing AGI through large model
like deep sake or Alibaba they are doing
the same thing but we also have the
company doing the self-driving car human
robot and also industrial automation and
coupled coupled with the China's
industrial complex and also power
infrastructure that makes the China's AI
story much broader than the US equity
market can offer.
How how should I look at you? I I know
that the AI plays are very different in
China versus you look at Korea, you look
at Taiwan, they're very much in the
center of the whole supply chain
globally, right? When it comes to AI,
>> how should I still look at markets like
Korea and Taiwan? Do you think I mean
they seem to be the most vulnerable to
any sort of US tech selloff
>> right now? But they they should be
beneficiaries of
>> of also AI capex spend, but they're also
now fallen victim to to what's been
seeing in this route. How should I look
be is there more pain to come really you
still think for Korea
>> we still think that if you look at AI
for Korean and tele market there's no
alternative in semiconductor if you look
talking about the memory if you are
talking about the advanced fab there's
no alternative in this market so we are
still optimistic about the Korean market
and the talent market but I think
currently it's just like kind of very
common derisking of year-to-day very
crowded trade even for current domestic
investors they may think that the market
would be too crowded in the first month
of the year.
>> But is this an an attractive entry point
do you think or or what is the point
where you actually think now is the time
to to buy in?
>> Yeah, so we kind of expect and embrace
this risk in the market. So throughout
the last months we gradually increase
our cash level in our portfolio. So we
look for this opportunity to add to the
names that we like in the market. What
about in terms of you know broadening
out of of the rally? I mean we we were
seeing that in the US a little bit.
You're seeing that in in China as well.
You know this this pivot from growth to
value.
>> Yeah.
>> You know are you are you you know
believing in this value sort of trade
right now? How sustainable do you think
it could be?
>> I think the the sector rotation normally
like hard to predict and late to chase
and burnt when you chase it.
>> Very quick rotation in China. So we
would like to stick with those kind of
like growth and reasonal price uh names
like in even in the semiis in Korea and
Taiwan. We think those companies their
order visibility is very high. So we
would like to stay with them.
>> Going back to China, what's your what's
your outlook then for for this year?
Because we've been talking about you
know hanging tech gauge for instance
being very close to a 20% draw down. Do
you see
>> Hong Kong still continuing to feel that
pain? But yesterday we also had those
southbound flows in in really late trade
and and uh certainly lifted sentiment
into the close.
>> Yeah, that's very good question. So if
you look at the uh China equity stock,
we think the uh window for China
equities is already open because we have
seen clearly structured trends happening
in this market. And regarding the uh
Hong tech index, if you look at the
information technology sector within the
MSCI, it's almost flat last month. But
within our China equity portfolio, we
went up by 8%. We think this stock
pickers market instead of board market
uh rally story.
>> Okay. Um anything else be I mean this is
a pretty difficult trading environment.
I think you know we're not used to
seeing moves like this right when Korea
can be up and down like 5%.
>> Where else are you seeing opportunities
now beyond just you know the the the
longer term AI plays as you mentioned
here.
>> I mean I take a look at something like
precious metals.
>> Yeah. Do how does that translate in
terms of equities you think?
>> Yeah. For precious metals, we think that
is a very crowded trade year to date and
even like not only gold, silver, copper.
So we think that kind of rally some part
of the rally supported by the
fundamental because of the capex of
those kind of material companies but
some of the rally is purely like hype.
People just like chasing the rally. So
for us we would like to stay with uh
companies with visible earnings in the
future instead of chasing those hypes.
Yeah.
>> Okay.
Song, thanks very much for joining us.
That was Sanja, the senior investment
specialist, Asia X Japan and emerging
market equities at BMP Parabar Asset
Management. And still ahead on the China
show, we're going to be hearing
exclusively from the CFO [music] of
Chinese pork producer Muan Foods says it
stock debuts on the Hong Kong exchange
after a $1.4 billion IPO. That's uh
coming up at 9:30 a.m. If you're
watching in Hong Kong this morning.
[music]
>> Yep. And then we're seeing live pictures
right now from the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange. Where you at? Wuen is set to
take the stage there uh to of course uh
Bang the Gong and certainly that's going
to be the one thing to watch here that I
think there's a few of them today. So I
think there's a few listings that we'll
[music] tell you about here coming up.
This is the China show.
[music]
All right, here's your agenda today.
continue to track what's been going on
which of course is this tech selloff and
yeah HStech we are still you know
watching that whole bare market sort of
territory there and certainly we're
we're heading off to one of the biggest
weekly losses uh for the MCI China for
HStech uh for this year. So certainly
that's one thing to watch here today.
Southbound flows whether we do see that
sort of support uh from the southbound
flows here today is one key question.
the fix obviously as well just given the
moves that we're seeing across FX.
There's a CGB sale and we're still
tracking metals and crypto today.
>> Yeah, really busy day and of course
Bloomberg as well uh continuing to track
these developments around Panama. And
the latest on that is that we've learned
that China's asking state firms to halt
talks over new projects in the country.
That's after a Panameanian court
cancelled CK Hutchinson's contract to
operate two ports along its strategic
canal. Let's bring in our China
correspondent, Mim Lo. So, yeah, I guess
it's it's a developing story, but but
what's the latest on this front?
>> Yeah, so the Chinese authorities, this
is according to what sources are telling
us. The Chinese authorities are now uh
number one, to your point, uh halting
asking stateown companies to halt any
talks of new projects in Panama. That's
one. But the other thing is that the
Chinese customs is now going to step up
inspections of Panameanian imports,
including things like banana, coffee.
>> [clears throat]
>> And you can imagine this is possibly
going to be a slippery slope, right?
Possibly leading to investigations that
could end up in tariffs. Uh and the
third thing is that they are asking
stateowned company uh asking shipping
companies to reroute their goods, their
cargos to other ports if it doesn't cost
too much money. So a series of actions
that they are taking after the Hong Kong
and Macau uh affairs office had posted a
notice on WeChat warning of the heavy
prices that Panama has to pay if it
doesn't reverse its course. So what did
Panama do? It dug in its heels because
the Panama president gave a press
conference and basically said that the
Panama government is going to respect
the Supreme Court ruling and saying that
unlike China, the executive branch of
the government is not going to interfere
with the judiciary and that a country
run by the Chinese Communist Party is
going to be very different from the
independent institutions of Panama.
That's what he said. and he also denied
that the the government has been
harassing and threatening CK Hutcherson
over the past year. So things are
certainly heating up and he's handing
that win to President Trump.
>> Yeah. And and what is this impact going
to have on on Panama?
>> Yeah. It it's going to be a little bit
difficult to calculate the the exact
impact because it's not clear now when
it comes to halting those projects
whether it applies to ongoing projects
because there are currently still a
bunch of different projects at least
three different stateowned companies
involved in infrastructure projects
including a fourth bridge over the canal
a segment of the metro station line uh
as well as uh a cruise terminal as well.
uh Panama has already ended its uh belt
and road initiative uh sort of
collaboration with China. So that
indicates that it was already reluctant
to continue these collaborations and
bear in mind as well its largest trading
and investment partner is the US and not
China. So the impact there might be a
little bit limited but in terms of the
potential investment that could be
derailed that still could be in billions
of dollars. Uh, when it comes to the
exports of agricultural goods, that's
just a sliver of Panama's total exports,
but there's no saying that China might
expand the list of goods that it might
want to investigate further down the
line. Um, so so yes, we'll see how how
things pan out further down the road.
And by the way, CK Hutcherson is also um
starting this international arbitration
process to sue for damages and the
Panama president said they are going to
defend themselves in the arbitration
process.
>> All right, Mman, thank you. and Menllo
there are China correspondent on the
latest when it comes to uh this deal. Uh
we're we're checking when it comes to
the pre-market in Hong Kong and this is
what looking like right now. We're down
some 2%. So continuing on uh on this
selloff on Friday although you take a
look at what's been going on with silver
prices [music] or Bitcoin. I mean those
have actually come off some of the
initial moves uh [music] to the
downside. So things are actually looking
better on some of these asset classes.
You take a look at that. But we'll
[music] see how the China open fares
here right now. So, we're down about 2%
for Hang Sang. Futures are still uh very
much in the red here this morning. And
Dollar China at [music] 693 levels. That
fix was uh pretty much in line here this
morning. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
All right, checking cross assets. So,
dollar is catching a slight bid, but
take a look at what it comes to silver
and gold. Uh, you know, spot prices are
at least, you know, we're pairing some
of the losses. So, we're clawing back
just a little bit, but we're still
talking about 2% decline when it comes
to spot prices here this morning.
Bitcoin also recovering now, but yes,
breaking below 65,000. That certainly
was a threshold that people were were
watching out for and we are still
staying around those levels right now.
>> Yeah, and I think you can also consider
where we've where we've come from just
in the last few months. It was only, you
know, not even a year ago that we're at
125,000. So, you're, you know, it's a
huge draw down, but but how we're
setting up for the open here because
we're about 4 minutes away from the
start of trading today, we're still
looking like we're going to open in the
in the red across the board. Even though
we actually saw lifting into the into
the close yesterday and positive session
for the Golden Dragon index. One IPO as
well to track very closely. This is
Muyan Foods. It is one of the world's
biggest pig breeders and also pork
producers. Yep. That's one thing to
watch here as well. We're going to be
talking a little bit more about the IPO
pipeline and also when it comes to TMT
[music] and the outlook for deals are
going to be with with City there joining
us later on the show. But yes, the bang
of the gongs plural here today. You're
watching the China show. [music] The
open is next. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
show this morning and we're counting
down to the open of markets. We are
looking like we're going to join what's
very much a regional selloff tracking
what was in Wall Street overnight. Lots
of fears around AI, lots of fears around
[music] around capex spending in
particular. Uh it has been a pretty
nasty week across the board for a lot of
different assets.
>> I mean the first week of February has
been interesting. So it was the first
week of January, right? So I think
[music] you know it certainly we're
still dealing with the damage that's
been left, but I think at least for now
there's a bit of solace here that you
know [music] some of the swoons that
we're seeing when it comes to crypto to
sort of silver and precious metals at
least we're we're taking [music] a bit
of a breather
>> today. But we'll see if that holds here
for the rest of the day.
>> Yeah, it's going to be really
interesting to watch as well how China
goes uh in the session given we saw
[music] actually Hong Kong closing on
the high in the green yesterday a little
bit and didn't really translate to
Golden Dragon either.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And then you know it we're
still I mean we're we're clawing back
you know loss from the losses but silver
is still you know below 70. Crypto is
still below 65,000. So just keep that in
mind some of these key levels. Um and
that's why perhaps you're still seeing
stocks that are on offer here today. CSI
300 is down about 1%. Um and so you know
it doesn't seem like you know even Korea
and Taiwan uh has been not immune to all
this right and these were all markets
that up until now were almost like
teflon right and so uh but at least even
Cosby is coming off some of the initial
lows of the session here today so at
least there's that uh but commodities
continue to fall out of bed here. Take a
look at what copper is doing. We're down
some 4% in terms of the futures there.
Uh Shanghai crude is also down about uh
1%. We we'll tell you what's going on
with silver and gold. you know, we we're
still seeing in terms of some of the
futures contracts are still quite
pronounced some of the moves to the
downside. Uh we're watching when it
comes to tech and and once again, you
see, you know, Cambercon Tech is down
about 1% or so. Let's set the boards and
see uh how HS Tech is doing here.
Obviously, we are tracking uh what looks
to be one of the worst weekly losses for
MSEI China and for HST uh for all this
of this year since November. So, that's
certainly one thing to watch. There you
go. HS Tech is down 2%. We just went sub
5,300 for that benchmark there. Hangs
also at 26,400.
So uh it it is a sea of red here. Take a
look at the tech space. Alibaba is down
another 3%. U BU I mean that was what
kind of led to that sort of last
afternoon session rally and the reversal
that we saw at HStech. But even now BU
is lower by about 3% Xiaomi as well. So
uh even HSBC I mean this has been sort
of like the financial darling uh among
some of the old traditional sectors.
That's also down some 2% there. We'll
tell you a little bit more more about
our scoop about bonuses and and maybe
the lack thereof uh for some of the
bankers out there this year. Uh let's
take a look when it comes to the miners
and the like. I mean China silver gold
stocks, you know, that continues to be a
down arrow story here as well. So you're
still seeing some pronounced moves as we
were just talking to B&B Paraba Asset
Management Soja about this. He said
don't, you know, it's all hype at this
moment. The these are not really sort
of, you know, long-term sort of bets
that you can make when it comes to
precious metals and like right now. So
you know they're sitting out on this one
here. Gold spot as we talked about we're
still seeing downside about 1%. So Ja me
mining there zing mining I should say is
lower by about 5% uh there. Take a look
when it comes to crypto as well. I mean
it basically you know pick your asset
class and you are still seeing that
downside right and you're watching some
of these crypto stocks really following
what we saw uh with with the Bitcoin
price overnight. Although we stabilized
now around 64,000 uh something you know
still seeing the likes of Huite Tech
down some 5% but there are still some
listing debuts and they still be are
bucking the trend right now right so we
have Muan Foods Distinct Healthcare and
Shenzhen Hans CNC there you go all in
the green here Distinct Healthcare we're
going to be talking to them coming up in
the next hour as well private healthcare
and the like we're watching that very
closely we're up some 25% but yeah the
healthcare sector is still looking
pretty good right now Bill
>> yeah and we've sort of seen that big
focus on on the consumer angle anyway in
China over the past few sessions that's
been sort of one of the standout areas
but I was a little nervous for these
companies with their trading debuts
today and uh it seems like so far
they're really seeming to to buck that
that broader malays that we're seeing in
the markets what is interesting as well
is is really I guess all of the the
bankers that are lining up for for a
share in the IPO pipeline as well and
that's been another big story this week
we had a great opinion opinion piece
rather out from from Shulie Ren as well
just talking about sort of the rush to
to capitalize on this sort of frenzy
that we see but not necessarily going to
be translating to bonuses it seems.
>> Yeah, I mean at least for HSBC, right?
This is our scoop uh that came out and
and really kudos to our team for for
writing it this up but basically they're
they're saying that they're they're
preparing to hand some bankers little to
zero bonuses
>> uh this year as of course they go
through this massive restructuring. So
it's sort of this sort of eat what you
kill stance. Um and and really it's
interesting, right, because the rest of
the US banks are actually pushing for a
boost in terms of pay, right? We we saw
UBS uh were dialing up, I think, bonuses
by about 20%. There's been US banks in
Europe trying to also boost pay and the
like. Um but HSBC is going the opposite
direction and I think it just goes to
the vision behind the CEO right now.
>> Yeah, that's right. George Alri, he's
been in the position since 2024, the
second half of 2024. And in that time,
he's been pretty ambitious in the way
that he's trying to to go about this
restructuring. So, he's shuttered, for
instance, uh different divisions like
the deals, the under the equity
underwriting operations in the US and
the UK, continental Europe. He's
combined the commercial and investment
banking units. So there has already been
sort of an exit of of a lot of
longstanding veteran executives, but now
it seems like he's really focused on are
you performing
>> and and do we need to pay you extra for
that performance?
>> And if you're you're not performing, you
know, we're just going to push the
lagards out, right? I think that's sort
of the the sort of mentality that we're
seeing here uh given this scoop. But,
you know, for investors,
>> I think they they're rewarding some of
the efforts that we're seeing from Mil
Henry, right? particular the share price
of HSBC it has almost doubled since he
was promoted to the CEO uh since
September 2024. So certainly HSBC as we
mentioned has been a bit of a darling
here uh against this sort of tech
selloff and the like. But there you go
one-year chart. There you go. 66% upside
for uh 5HK. Uh in terms of what else
we're watching cross assets, it's still
going to be the precious metals. It's
still the crypto space. It's still the
textile off there. And and mind you,
yes, we've seen some coming off of at
least some of the gold spot prices and
silver spot prices, but silver futures
are still down some 8% here right now.
So volatility is still the name of the
game here. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
One of Singapore's biggest ever M&A
[music] deals was agreed this week and
it's expected to close in the first half
of this year. This is a KKR le
consortium that's going to be acquiring
data center operator STGDC
for $5.2 billion US. City acted as the
lead financial adviser on the
transaction and for more let's bring in
their co-head of Asia Technology and
Communications Hoyen Lee. So Hoyen,
great to great to see you again in the
studio. Let's just talk about I guess
yeah that's a big deal. I know you can't
comment on it directly, but but what
does it tell you around the broader M&A
activity and this sort of I guess these
transactions or these types of
transactions we're seeing right now?
>> Yeah, first thanks so much for having
me. Uh we're really excited. Look, AI is
a big theme clearly and we can talk more
about that. Underlying a lot of this is
the infrastructure, right? The
infrastructure includes data centers, it
includes powers, it includes other
components, but data centers is clearly
a key part of that. And what we're
seeing is a massive amount of private
capital uh and public capital where
possible really look to invest in the
space. And I think that we've seen a lot
of activity in the last 24 36 months
globally. It's really picked up here in
Asia and we're pretty excited about the
next uh one to two years in the space.
>> Public markets. I mean we're getting
worried about all this AI, you know,
investments here that maybe the
monetization side of things is is not
quite clear yet. I mean has that in any
way you know led to any sort of impact
on the deal flow that you're seeing at
all?
>> Uh no impact. I think look investors are
looking longer term. What I think is
really interesting is that we present a
lot to boards. We present to CEOs and AI
has been the major theme. One of the
things I like to do at the beginning of
these presentations especially when it's
a group is ask how many people feel like
they've truly embraced AI. And
interestingly it's only a smattering of
hands that ever come up. uh it's a few
people in the room and it really just
shows that we're at the beginning of the
AI revolution, right? We're not using
enough in corporates. We're not using
enough personally.
>> Uh and we're pretty excited that I think
this year we're going to see a roll out
of a lot of different new applications.
>> So So what does the the year then look
like for you? What's your your sort of
expectations around how busy you're
going to be essentially? Because to
Avon's point, if if if there are these
concerns around around essentially how
disruptive AI is going to be now and you
don't see that playing out, what is your
expectation then?
>> Yeah, I think on two fronts. So, first
in M&A, uh we had a record year last
year. Uh we're pretty positive about
this year. We're seeing a lot of
activity. We're having dialogue across
the region. Uh and all corporates are
keen to see what they can do.
>> So, you think you can beat last year
then? uh we'd like to we'd like to
[laughter]
uh on the equity side and the
fundraising side in general that's also
been extremely active right convertible
bonds has been very busy
>> uh in the first few weeks of this year
so since January 1st we've actually seen
the equivalent of 25% of volumes uh
versus last year already and so there's
a real pickup in activity uh we
ourselves we've done three equity deals
this week and so look we're excited
we're positive there is some market
choppiness
>> but look we're looking for a longer
period of time Yeah. How much of that is
is happening in China right now? We talk
about all these massive sort of AI
companies that are listing, you know,
onshore and offshore. Uh how much, you
know, how busy are you in the China
market these days?
>> The China market is busy. The three
placements, the three equity deals I
[laughter] talked about are all Chinese
related.
>> Uh and so, look, the market is extremely
active. We're seeing a long line of
companies looking to list here in Hong
Kong. Uh we're seeing a lot of companies
looking to raise overseas capital.
That's to grow their operations
overseas. that's to fund potentially
M&A.
>> Uh, and so everyone's looking to, you
know, get out and and do more.
>> On the on the M&A side, what what do the
valuations, what does the deal size look
like? Do you see that changing at all or
being tested a little bit?
>> Uh, bigger deals. We're aiming for
bigger deals, right? I think what you'll
see, and this is globally, right?
There's a lot of mega deals happening.
There's a lot of multi multi-billion
dollar deals in the works. Uh, I think
the one you referenced is a good example
of that. And so we do think that
corporates are looking to do big things
this year, particularly given all the
change that's happening in the world.
>> We had a few weeks ago had a report
about, you know, Hong Kong has been in
some ways concerned about the the the
the quality of some of these deals that
are happening right from China, whether
it's, you know, applications that are
not complete, they've been done with AI.
I mean, have have you seen any signs of
regulators trying to tighten some of the
the listing requirements for some of
these companies now? Yeah, we've seen
some steps, but look, the importance is
that we stay compliant. We make sure
that we're in line with the rules. And
so, look, transparency and good quality
reporting is is is good for everyone.
>> Do you think it changes or impacts at
all the pipeline in any way for you?
>> No. Look, the pipeline is extremely big.
Uh the focus is clearly bringing good
quality companies to market.
>> But given the amount of competition as
well in this in this area on the
underwriting side, do you have to also
be more selective about the types of of
of companies that you go after? Yeah,
look some of the themes. So, investors
really like themes tied to AI, right?
And this is is multiple layers of the
stack. We talked about infrastructure,
right? That is one piece, but there's
also semiconductors, there are cloud
providers, there are software companies,
there are applications as well. There's
actually a lot of different ways to play
it. And I think what you've seen in the
market over the last few weeks is the
level of enthusiasm uh across the
different layers of the stack. Uh we're
going to see more companies around
robotics, automation,
>> right,
>> autonomous everything. Uh these are all
themes that investors will really like
and we're we're keen to work with these
companies. We
>> we were talking to a lot of guests on
our shows about some of the names that
that do list you know in China are are
not household names right that there
still needs to be enough you know due
diligence and research to really kind of
you know research on these companies in
some ways in terms of global national
you know foreign participation and
interest in these sort of companies.
What are you seeing in terms of from
global investors right now? uh interest
is returning right over the course of
the last 12 months we have taken a lot
of companies overseas this is to us to
Europe even to the Middle East to talk
to investors and the level of engagement
the level of specific questions that
investors have on the companies what
they're doing competitive environment is
is really high and so that level of
interest is there uh we've seen in the
recent deals that we've done as well uh
participation from global funds
>> and and again let's just talk about then
the outlook is there anything that's
going to test you or you're just very
positive that's all and it's it's just
an interesting moment given given the
fears that we've seen in in the market
around again going back to to AI back to
valuations back to spending plans. Is
there anything that you you think about
in the next few months that could test
your your conviction in in the trend at
all?
>> Yeah, look, it's it's really around the
speed of adoption.
>> Uh I think when I was on last year, we
talked about AI as well, right? That's
still the major theme. I'd say things
could pick up quicker, right? we can all
adopt the tools more quickly. Uh we at
city have a stylist tool which we're all
using. It's been rolled out in Hong
Kong, but we could do more with these
tools. Um enterprises can do more and
that's really what's going to help with
the pace of adoption and and growth for
the sector.
>> Does I'm wondering how trade tensions
and the like, right? There's still a lot
of uncertainties around chips and
tariffs there and and and really
geopolitics has certainly been something
that's been very much in the forefront
of investors minds. Do any of those
things do you think impact you know
sentiment at all?
Uh companies are very adaptable right
there's been a lot of different news
flow over the last 12 months but but
this is nothing new right uh companies
have adapted I I think uh as we look
forward to 2026 2027 a lot of them have
different growth plans right whether
it's in China or overseas and so while
there will be different news flow I
think companies are quick to adapt
>> all right Hoyen it's great to have you
Hoyo Lee there Asia co-head of
technology and communications investment
banking at city now reminder of our new
online feature as well, which is our
Bloomberg video hub. Make sure to check
it out. Subscribers, you [music] can
explore live streaming news and
interviews, all our Bloomberg TV shows,
documentaries, reporter analysis, and
more. You can check it out on [music]
bloomberg.com/videos.
This is Bloomberg. [music]
All right, one of [music] the listing
debuts here in Hong Kong today is Muen
Foods seeing a pretty slow start here
for the shares. We're down up about
onethird of 1% here, but after raising
about 1.4 billion, we spoke exclusively
to the CFO Gao Tong about their business
outlook and plans for overseas
expansion.
>> I think in the next 3 to 5 years, uh we
are focusing our overseas expansion on
uh just in Southeast Asia. In 2024, we
start our business, our first step in
Vietnam. In the past 12 months, we
helped our local partner BF rebuild
their uh rebuild their bio security
system just to prevent uh Africans
favor. And now at the end of that, the
end of last year, we see we really make
great progress in their performance. So
now we we have really strong confidence
and just to replicate replicate our
successful model local in Vietnam and
now we are still seeking for the
opportunities in the market like the
Philippines.
>> I'm wondering what is behind this push
to expand overseas at this time. Do you
see a limit to how much your company can
grow domestically in China now because
it's so saturated and there is a surplus
in the market? I think uh the first one
is um we really have a big number big
market share in in Chinese market and
the second the second reason is um we
see uh just now so many countries and
there in these countries their swine
industry are just suffer from the
disease like Africa swine fever and the
other disease we want to improve the
level of this of this country's industry
and just promote our new technique plant
and equipment here.
>> I want to talk about the domestic market
because we know that pork prices has
been declining in China since late 2024.
What is your forecast for pork prices
this year?
>> We all know that and China has the
largest consumption market for pork
product. In the past, the Chinese
domestic uh hog prices
um are generally driven by supply and
demand. And the prices also move in uh
in the typical four-year cycle. We also
call it uh the peak cycle. And let's
looking at last year uh 2025. The hawk
process is in a continuous downward
cycle just from the beginning of the
year to the end of the year. And now we
can see the number of breeding source
also decreased decrease a lot. So all
this indicate that in the second half of
this year 2026
the price will recover in the second
half. I was looking at your earnings
report and I found that in quarter three
your revenue was down by 11%.
>> Yeah.
>> And I think the street consensus now is
that your quarter 4 revenue is probably
going to take a double- digit hit as
well. So what are the levers that you
are managing to control cost and manage
your profitability? I think uh from the
from 2020 24 and we concentrate on our
strategy uh to reduce the cost and and
cut our total average cost and in June
uh 2022 we set a target our internal
target to reduce cost by 600 y per pig
and
in these three years we achieved D more
than 300 Y per pig. So now we still have
more than we still we still have around
200 Y per pig.
>> So we know the Chinese government had
urged the sector to cut pork production
last year because of the surplus in the
market. Many analysts are expecting the
same call from the government this year.
What is your company's target for
cutting production and how are you going
to juggle that with maintaining your
market share and your profitability?
First we will keep our uh our number of
uh breeding s and just uh at the at the
3 23 million u million salts in our
company and the second one we will keep
our cell weight of commercial hogs at
120 kilograms and in the future we will
accelerate our applications
or some innovation applications in uh
our breeding and also nutrition.
and also in bio security system and even
in AI tool some intelligent devices uh
in our peak farm and then improve our
production efficiency achieved the
lowest our target cost goal
>> that was the Muan food CFO Gao Tong
speaking exclusively to our China
correspondent Minlow in Hong Kong and
another company of course that's just
made its debut in Hong Kong as Distinct
Healthcare. We're going to be speaking
exclusively again, another exclusive
with its founder and CEO in the next
hour uh to find out exactly how they
plan to use the listing proceeds from
that. But let's also take a look at
markets here as we head into the first
half of trading or the first half an
hour of trading I should say for for uh
Chinese equities this morning. But cross
assets as well we're continuing to track
because you've got Bitcoin just going
back above that 65,000 level but still
extremely volatile asset class and and
you're seeing a little bit of of
strength come out of the dollar here now
trading flat. Silver is really where
we've seen quite a significant
capitulation but around that 70 level
and also of course having a bearing on
on those Asian silver related stocks
today too.
>> Yeah, I think what did Tommy Toss say
this week um from Fidelity? It's gold.
Silver is gold on steroids. Um,
[laughter]
and we're still not, you know, it's
still sort of like catching a falling
knife. Although that knife is not as, I
guess, sharp today given that we've
already bounced back on some of the
initial sort of lows. Things have
started I I wouldn't say stabilized.
Take a look at some of these silver
stocks. Um, it is still like catching a
falling knife at the moment. Uh, we're
still trying to find a floor really and
whether how sustainable that floor is is
still the key question. HS Tech uh you
take a look at when it comes and most if
you know are in the red except the EV
sector which has been interesting
because EV has actually they they
actually [music] underperformed uh for
much of this year but really uh NEO came
out with some interesting earnings that
came through here overnight. So uh
they're falling to ADRs and we're higher
about 5% here. But the rest of the
[music] tech complex uh deep in the red
here today with Alibaba down 3 and a
half%. We'll have a lot more on the way
in the next hour of [music] the China
show. Keep it here.
[music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at HSI. [music] Half into the
session and we're still sort of deep in
the red here. Right now, we're down
close to 2%. uh eight shares are also
down more than 1% here this morning.
We're talking about how we are racking
up to be one of the worst weeks for
HStech and Msei China of all of this
year. Right? So certainly this is going
to be one thing to watch. Korea is
already talking about the worst week,
you know, of 2026 for them as well. So
uh when it comes to cross assets, I
think it's all kind of like I don't know
what where to next because we still
can't quite find a a sustainable floor.
>> Yeah. and a sustainable narrative I
guess as well because a lot of the fears
this week have been around not so much
about AI bubbles but it's more about the
application of AI and and the types of
industries that's going to be hitting
and we've seen it for instance with
anthropic this week they had the the the
legal tools for instance with the AI
agent but then overnight it was also
released to its uh foundation model opus
and that was more targeted at the
financial services sector so it's it's
very sort of broadbased and a lot of
uncertainty that's really being felt so
hang I think it's going to be really
interesting to watch because we've been
tracking that that that risk of of of a
20% draw down. We haven't seen it close
at that level just yet. The Cosby as
well, I mean, at one point today, 5% in
the in the red and and certainly big
losses for SKH Highix and and Samsung,
the heavyweight on that index. The Nicay
trading a little bit more ground, but of
course, we're looking ahead to the
election coming up this weekend. And
does that inject further instability in
terms of those actual movers? As we
said, it's very much that tech story and
particularly in Korea. You can see those
movers there. Cross assets as Avon said,
it's it's very much that watch on on
gold and huge draw down in silver which
you're about to get to with Andrew
James, our reporter. But but very much
uh and you know that 70 level there to
track. Bitcoin I think is interesting
because we tracked back down to 60,000.
We seem to have found maybe this this
support at 65,000. How how how strong is
that support though? I do kind of
question as well after we had those
those Michael's uh strategy inc earnings
as well overnight that certainly tests
that DAT model uh and and we've seen
valuations really collapse for those
types of treasuries and then lastly as
well we can't go past Indonesia this
morning because just another pain point
for the Indonesian economy is is what
Moody's has said now. So lots of
concerns essentially around the credit
outlook there. So the the they've cut
the rating outlook. Um so it's not a
flatout downgrade yet, but certainly
that is going to be the risk moving
forward here. And it's almost like a
double whammy for Indonesia uh after
what we heard from MSEI and now also
from Moody. So uh they they talked about
really policy choices under scrutiny uh
just given the uncertainty we've seen
the weakening governance under President
PBO's administration. That is what
Rudy's is citing here on the lowered
credit outlook for the the countries.
So, uh, that certainly is going to be a
key focus here. You already see the JCI
down another 2% here. Rupia, that's the
one to watch. Uh, some analysts say we
could be heading to 17,000 for Rupia if
these concerns continue through. We're
at 16,865
here right now. Let's get a sense of how
markets are fairing with our team.
Managing editor for Asia Equities,
Lanting 2, joins us from Singapore along
with our crypto reporter, Suvashri Gosh.
Uh, it's great to have you, Lanting.
I'll start with you. It seems like we're
starting to see a little bit of of a bit
of a maybe dip buying or what is it? But
things are seem to be stabilizing. You
know, what is your team watching out for
here now?
>> Yeah, it did stabilize. If you look at
the Cosby, I I would say what we found
out that is new today is overall the
setting in AI and tech stocks is just
becoming a little bit of indiscriminate,
right? We've been touting how Asia uh
has been a bit resilient because Asia
tech is sitting in the supply chain
where they receive the spending from
hyperscalers but uh noticeably we see
people are actually selling Korea today
and yesterday seems to be profit taking
from a market that has done so well and
maybe finding some margin calls in asset
classes as you guys mentioned in silver
even in gold in Bitcoin you know the the
places where they suffer huge losses. So
Korea now is becoming a bit of funding
source. We saw record foreign selling
yesterday and today foreign selling is
also pretty big and retail investors on
the other side are actually buying the
dip today.
>> Yeah, that's an interesting move. But
but let's uh pick up on that crypto
angle as you mentioned there that
selling we've seen in in in Bitcoin in
particular. Sua, we do actually see it
sort of maybe finding a floor at 65,000
or or you think we can actually go a leg
lower here again? What what's your sense
of the outlook?
>> Uh what I understand animal is basically
the the market is quite choppy and uh
frankly traders are quite confused of
what exactly they want to do. It look
that that is a sense I'm getting from
people from uh from people I'm talking
to. For example, in the morning today in
Asia hours, we saw Bitcoin almost
touched $60,000 just 30 $30 shy of it.
And then we are back about uh you know
uh at at over $65,000
which clearly shows that the sentiment
is pretty fragile and choppy. What we
are looking at basically is you know uh
kind of cues like more digital asset
treasuries the the token holders
basically when if they come and start
selling like we saw from uh you know the
yesterday's strategy uh the largest
bitcoin holders results that there's a
12.3 billion uh loss on their books
because of marktomarket uh you know
concerns marktomarket losses basically.
So if that kind of losses uh pile up
then that could lead to a spiral
downward spiral and and it might not be
a floor to be honest it doesn't look
like to be a floor as uh so far given
the kind of you know sentiment we are
seeing uh in the market is quite fragile
and people are really not very sure
which way to go to which which side they
will take. There is not much of dip
buying happening. There is not much of
capital uh you know the pro capital
protection is basically the key trigger
for people instead of you know uh dip
buying.
>> Okay. Uh no dip buying. Interesting.
Andrew I want to bring Andrew James and
he's been tracking of course all things
commodities. Um you know have we found a
floor when it comes to silver and gold
yet?
Um well I think silver is where we
definitely haven't found floor. Um it's
just been extremely volatile. Uh highest
levels volatility since 1980. Um
basically the huge runup last month that
sort of broke through of fundamentals.
There was a lot of speculative trading
in China. Um and it's now the market's
not really coping. It's not a large
liquid market. There's a lack of
liquidity. We're seeing very sudden
price move.
>> We seem to we seem to have lost Andrew's
audio there, but we will get more
details on on exactly what's happening
with silver ahead. I think what he was
just saying though is essentially we
haven't seen the worst of the pressure
for for silver in particular just yet.
But that was our Bloomberg team there.
Aliant 2 Subagosh and also Andrew James
joining us for a bit of a cross asset
check this morning as we head through
the morning session in Asia. Uh coming
up we'll have voters in Japan and
Thailand gearing up for general [music]
elections this weekend. Investors
betting on a big win for Prime Minister
Sai Takichi, but the path of course in
Bangkok looking a little bit less clear.
We'll get analysis on the challenges
facing both countries later [music] this
hour. More ahead. This is Bloomberg.
All right, continue to watch the fallout
that is Indonesia and certainly what we
heard the news uh overnight and really
what the news dominates today is of
course that Moody's downgrade in terms
of the outlook, right? So they're
talking about policy uncertainty and
policy choices and the like and really
kind of adds uh to what we've been
seeing and hearing from MSEI uh all this
week. Uh the Indi the Indonesia
Financial Services Authority says it
will continue working to strengthen the
country's financial sector on the back
of that Moody's announcement. Right. So
now uh outlook is now downgraded to
negative. So they're citing concerns
about policy stability. Let's bring in
Jason Pang, Asia fixed income portfolio
manager at JP Morgan Asset Management. I
mean, I'm sure you're feeling a lot of
calls about Indonesia these days, but um
is a downgrade risk is that a real risk
now, you think, for Indonesia? So, I
think the starting point here to
remember is um on an ongoing basis
compared to sort of previous fiscal,
we've continued to see an incremental
increase in fiscal expansion. Um so, I
think that's been driving some concerns
in the market and that's been reflecting
as you know into some FX weakness or uh
bond weakness. But I think just to
remember here is that first of all
negative outlook doesn't mean it's an
immediate downgrade right there is time
and much like the MSCI index review
there is time right so I think the
message here is that there's a degree of
concern not only that's been just in
fiscal but of course then that's now
sort of evolved more into uh the
governance side of things
>> right uh but again if there's time and
there's time that's proven it can be
fixed then I think it should be fine and
I think one of the things that uh even
though we've seen a lot of volatility um
you know it does come with value
creation and if you look at foreign
reserves in Indonesia as example foreign
reserves are actually quite high
compared to sort of its previous
history. So the way that considered is
yes there's asset vault but I'm not sure
that it qualifies as sort of like a
fragile five type of scenario at this
juncture. Uh but indeed there's negative
concern I guess in the near term by the
markets and and what would sort of
dissipate that negative concern do you
think because I think on the on the
aspect of the more of the financial
market side we saw that immediate
reaction from regulators
maybe the governance side might be a
little bit more challenging. I think
governance takes time. um it's a form of
you know investor confidence if you will
and yes I mean that will you know show
show investors you know what you mean by
a governance improvement right that will
probably be coming in the form of for
example um is the MSE index changes on
track right
>> um is there so signs of confidence from
the equity side is there signs of
confidence from the bond investor side
is fiscal improving or being kept within
sort of 3% GDP cap or is it really going
to move incrementally higher I think
those are the signs that uh investors
are looking forward forward to um for
what it's worth in terms of positioning
um you know we're still comfortable with
the Indonesia external debts uh as I
said before you know foreigner
percentage is quite low uh both in bonds
and equities at this juncture so
repayment capacity is high if you
compare to foreign reserves um for the
FX then we are indeed a bit underweight
uh because the near-term fiscal and this
sort of news will probably lead to some
volatility um and likewise we're quite
neutral on the Indonesia local
government bonds at this juncture
>> there's been sort of part of that I
guess the weakness in in in the bupia. I
mean the dollar strength has come back
in in a in a in a I guess moderate way I
I would say
>> how what's your dollar view now when you
look at things because it seems like
things have shifted a bit since Kevin
Worsh was named the next Fed chair. So I
I think overall in terms of the DXY we
are seeing a degree of um I guess
near-term tactical strength but
structurally speaking we do believe that
the case for some degree of asset
allocation in non-d dollars is still
something that I think investors should
have. So I think if you look at a
broader term the way that we've messaged
it or considered it is that um in terms
of the dollarization or you know the
basement or whatever theme that you want
to call it um I think from an investor
portfolio perspective it's worth to at
least have maybe 10 to 20% of your book
invested into non-d dollars uh such as
Asian currencies which as you probably
see you know remn's doing really well
Malaysia ringit's actually been
performing you know top top notch
compared to even Latin Latin American
currencies so there are bright spots
within the region I
You're also overweight on the the
Taibart rates. What's behind that?
>> So, I think if you look at Thai rates,
they've actually sold off quite
immensely. I know by by standards it's a
very low yielding market, but I think
within its own volatility metrics, it's
actually been selling off quite a bit.
The curve has been steepening as well
into the Feb 8 elections. Um, obviously
within that then there's concerns on on
fiscal and that's why the curve has been
steepening quite a lot. Um but I think
overall if you look at the longer term
dynamics and we we saw that with the
inflation numbers yesterday, right? I
mean it remains in a more deflationary
pattern. So I think the message here is
even though there's value creation um
it's not entirely clear to me that
there's a change in monetary policy,
right? So I think into that you need to
sort of buy into that value creation on
Tai GBs and hence we are overweight the
Thai government local bonds.
>> How what is your view on inflation this
year? I mean, it's there's there's some
like Black Rock, Pimco, they're talking
about, you know, there might be a risk
of a a US-led inflationary boom that is
really being underappreciated in this
market here right now. Should I start
looking at inflation protected sort of
bonds? I mean, I'm just wondering how
are you looking at at that?
>> I I think on and off we have been
discussing whether TIPS were in a
position within our own portfolios
within the region. Um I think at least
from where we see it uh you know the
indicators that we're looking at for
example in the case of China PPI and I
think we touched upon this last time
>> uh you know we're seeing it still being
absolute negative but actually if you
look at it is actually rebounding as
CPIs aside from Thailand if you look at
other countries within the region they
are rebounding as well. So I think
dialing that into the US side of things
again is um and if you look at memory
prices that has gone up quite a lot. So
I think how does that feed into the
system is I I think my question but I I
think if you see the price increases in
smartphones right or even smart fridges
and other types of electronics I think
that will feed into some form of um
inflation. I wouldn't call it
hyperinflation today. Um but I think
that nonetheless that's why we're
discussing whether tips were in a
position in our book but but we we're
still looking at it to be honest. Yeah.
>> Yeah. It has been an interesting week I
guess with that RBA rate hike for
instance in Australia. you know just
sort of that question is is that a
precursor of what's to come? Uh you
mentioned uh the market in China. What's
your what's your thinking around CGBs
and and do you see any sort of
significant rises as being likely?
>> So I think in terms of CGB market it's
been quite rangebound to be very honest.
Um it's not very carry centric and sort
of the way that we view the book. So I
think the positioning overall for us
structurally for now is a bit more
neutral. there's no good reason to have
a massive increase in rates, right?
We're not seeing massive equity
outperformance at this juncture given
what's been happening uh over the past
few days. Um so I think overall, you
know, on the on the lower bound side,
then again, you know, there's no room or
big measures here to ease policy
massively either, right? So I think
rates is a standstill. But what's
probably more interesting um if you ask
me is that the REMBB has been actually
doing quite well. And if you look at it,
it's been decorrelating from DXY and
Euro. So look at the CMY fixes every
day. It's been incrementally moving
stronger over time and I think last time
when we spoke maybe it was above seven.
We're actually at below 695 now. So I
think we are quite constructive on the
Burman B. We have been engaged in this
currency pair. Um and we think that
maybe 685 is probably where we should be
over time.
>> 685. Okay. Um as Bel mentioned that the
RBI I was going to go circle back to the
RBA
>> and what we heard this week. Um what
does that tell you about where central
banks now in terms of this this cycle? I
mean, are we starting to see that now?
We've we're past sort of the easing
cycles of of most central banks in the
region now.
>> Yes. Uh we have been using that as a
base case since our last quarter uh
based on the sort of PPI CPI stuff that
we talked about in the dynamics there.
So, uh we are underweight um or paid
rates in some of the selective markets
that you you mentioned.
>> Uh I think pertinent to this within the
Asia region again, uh we are paid rates
on Malaysia in particular. So if we sort
of see the monetary cycle, the one that
is at least neutral or has a chance to
be more hawkish is probably Malaysia to
start. Whereas I guess as we discussed,
Thailand is sort of in a different
scenario, but
>> Okay. Uh I got to ask you about Japan. I
know it's not typically your coverage,
but but given that there's an election
this week, um you know, it seems like
the the the trade has been to to buy
stocks, you can sell JGBs and and you
sell the yen. Are we likely to see more
of that bearish steepening in the curve?
Uh so I think the curb has indeed
steepened quite a lot given the ongoing
fiscal concerns. Um I think likewise if
you look at CPI versus JGB 10year I mean
it's not very clear to me that the
current state has lots of value in the
bond curve. So I think the way that
we've positioned globally um you know in
a global bond funds and whatnot is
basically we are um maybe a bit more
underweight thee one to five years or
the 5year but not really overweight the
rest of the curve. So I think the
message here is we are more positioned
for a potential steepening still. Um,
and likewise then, you know, if there's
enough value creation, we'll look into
it. But as I said, 2.1% CPI, we probably
need a bit more than where it is today.
>> Okay, Jason, great to see you again.
That was Jason Pang there, Asia fixed
income portfolio manager at JP Morgan
Asset Management. And leaving you here
with a look at markets. We are about 45
minutes into the trading session so far
for China this morning, Hong Kong as
well. And you are just seeing sentiment.
We're still in the red, but we are off
the lows of the day so far. So, I guess
you could just say a lot of fragility
essentially to end the week. But more
ahead, this is Bloomberg.
[music]
All right, that potential deal to
combine Rio Tinto and Glenor into the
world's biggest mining company, well,
it's collapsed with talks going down to
the wire, but ultimately falling short.
Let's bring in our metals and mining
reporter Paul Alan Hunt. He joins us
now. I mean Paul, these two companies
have had talks before, but it seemed
like this broke down pretty quickly.
What happened?
That's right. Discussions between Glenor
and Rio Tinto have been going on for
about a decade or more. Uh what happened
this time was Rio was very seriously
looking at Glenor, perhaps for the first
time in recent history, actively
pursuing Glenor. however, uh couldn't
get it over the line. Glenor wanted,
according to our sources, around about
40% of the combined company, keeping in
mind that the combined company would
have had a market cap of over 250 uh
billion dollars. So, this would would
have created the biggest mining company
uh in the world. Uh talks broke down. We
broke the news overnight from our London
bureau of course uh which was quickly
followed by confirmation from Riotinto
and Glenor that uh discussions had uh
had failed. Uh the crux of it goes down
to to to valuation. Um we live in very
interesting times in the mining world
where mining majors are struggling with
capital expenditure. they they don't
want to overpay but at the same time
they've got empty shelves of projects
because they've underinvested in growth
for more than a decade. So at the heart
of it was valuation. There were also
some concerns over who would uh chair
the combined entity uh and who would
manage the combined entity and they
couldn't come to an agreement on that
either.
So just given those sort of industry
challenges and and company specific
challenges as well, where does this now
leave Rio and Glenor and do they look to
re-engage in any capacity or you think
it's just completely over for now?
>> Well, under UK takeover law, uh Rio has
to has to step away for at least 6
months. they can't return uh in that
period unless there's an interloper or
or a few other um uh things occur. Uh
however, you know, from talking to
shareholders uh today, um many
Australian shareholders are actually
glad that Rio has uh has maintained
capital discipline. Uh re Rio comes out
of this um you know largely unscathed.
But at the same time, you know, you look
at its growth portfolio, the projects
that it wants to pursue in copper, the
red metal that is key to
electrification, that is key to tech
industries. That's where Rio sees
growth. So does its peers like BHP. Uh
where will it find that growth? That
that remains to be seen. Um will it make
takeover bids for other companies?
That's also an opportunity for it. I
think uh perhaps this is this is uh more
detrimental for Glenor uh in my opinion
at least because that company has
underperformed operationally for some
time. So what does this mean for Glenor?
What does it mean for its CEO Gary Gary
Nagel? Does he go somewhere else or or
how does it clean up its act and and
provide uh shareholder value? Um its
share price crashed 11% once it
confirmed that uh that talks were off.
uh you know there there's several
questions that remain over over Glenor.
>> That's uh yeah really interesting
reporter there. That was our metals and
mining reporter Paul Hunt joining us. In
some other corporate news this morning
Bloomberg's been told that HSBC is
preparing to reduce or withhold annual
bonuses for some bankers adopting a more
cutthroat stance on costs. Sources say
the lender is also encouraging [music]
underperformers to depart following the
bonus payouts in the coming weeks. This
will include staff at managing partner
levels. The move aligns with [music] CEO
Georg Hedry's goal to bring HSBC more in
line with pay practices with pay
practices [music] rather at US peers.
Open AI is rolling out a new platform
called [music] Frontier designed to help
companies deploy AI agents more easily.
The company says Frontier [music] aims
to simplify how businesses roll out AI
and accelerate adoption among corporate
customers. The tool will also allow
firms to integrate AI agents from rival
firms including Anthropic.
All right, we're checking when it comes
to movers, it's still the software side
of things that are still looking soft
here this morning. So, some of these
Asia uh software stocks like OPIC, for
example, is down another 3% here today.
And that certainly was the the the key
sort of risk this week was the anthropic
model and really what this means for
software and uh the old industry really.
But yes, that is still uh some a down
error story. China EVs, I guess if
you're looking for bright spots across
the tech space in HST, this is probably
the place to be at. But although we we
have a great story that talks about BYD
and just the wipeout we've seen on those
shares as well. But today at least we're
seeing some green. NEO seems to be the
one that led that here just given uh the
earnings that we got overnight. So,
we're seeing 4% gains for NEO, but HS
Tech, as you can see there, we're still
lower by about 1% here today. Uh, and
why not talk about some condiments off
for to wrap up this crazy week. A
Gamoto,
uh, they talked about profit forecast
boost there. So, the shares are up some
10%. Uh, but yes, the battle of the soy
sauces there you're seeing there play
out.
>> Yeah, this is a really interesting one.
So, Kickaman shares, you can see, are
down quite substantially. Actually,
that's the most going back to around
April or the worst of of this of this
year, but or last year rather, but
essentially a slowdown in soy sauce
sales in the US. So, we saw a drop in
revenue [music] of 1.6% yearonear in the
third quarter and cities saying that was
a surprising decline. So, yeah,
>> head scratcher that one. More ahead.
[music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
heading to that lunch break and yeah,
actually Japan is bucking the trend here
today. We continue to see equities are
bid up here as we countd down to that
election in the lower house on Sunday.
So there is still that Takichi trade
that's still being priced in into these
markets here right now. Dollar yen uh is
strengthening just a bit here about 156
levels. But you know there have been
some analysts saying you know if it's a
outright majority win for Takahi for the
LDP watch dollar yen go to back to 160
and then that really leads to maybe it's
that intervention risk once again JGBs
though are bit up here we're lower by
about two basis points 221 for your
10-year JGB.
>> Yeah let's take a look at the broad
markets as well because I think what's
been interesting over the last say even
45 minutes or so we've started to see a
sense of stabilization taking hold. So
yes, you're still in the red, but you're
definitely off the lows of the day this
morning. So you take a look at the
broader index, you're down 2/10 of 1%.
The dollar as well is sort of stabilized
and you're actually seeing the IT index,
I'm not going to say it's higher, but
it's flat and that's definitely an
improvement from where we started the
morning. So it seems like the trends
that we saw in the US session overnight,
we had not just the the Amazon earnings
in in after hours that led to a huge
slump in the stock and concerns around
capex. You had another uh product update
essentially from Anthropic that really
hit some of the financial services
companies that are listed as well. That
seems to be just cooling down a little
bit that narrative because we are as I
said starting to sort of stabilize in
the morning session so far. It is an
interesting moment as well for companies
that are making their trading debut and
there's a few of them of course Hong
Kong it's a very busy IPO pipeline but
we do have a number of companies listing
today. So just let's take a look at how
those are performing so far. Muon Foods.
We had an exclusive interview earlier
with the CFO of that company. But but
essentially the world's biggest pork
producer uh is is one of those companies
listening. The clear standout though you
can see is Distinct Healthcare here
today uh which earlier listed and you're
seeing that stock as well surging 30% at
the open. So let's get more on this
company now and and bring in for another
exclusive interview. This is Philip
Wong. He's the founder and CEO of the
company. Thanks so much for joining us
in the studio and congratulations again
on that trading debut. But let's just
talk first about about the company
itself. So so our viewers understand
because you are sort of have have this
goal to be the Costco of of healthcare.
But what does that mean exactly?
>> Yeah, first thanks for having me. What
the insights we get from Costco's
business model is really um our clinic
is relative big 5,000 square meters.
>> Secondly, we carefully choose what
services we provide. We we do a lot of
services but we don't do everything.
Third, uh the quality of each service we
provide must be good.
>> Mhm.
>> Fourth, the price have to be right for
the value. So this is what we got from
the Costco business model. Of course, we
are in a different industry.
>> Private healthcare in China, it's been
facing some pretty challenging sort of
headwinds, I guess you say, over the
past few years. a lot of your peers have
actually faded out. What is the sort of
market demand that you're seeing now?
>> Um I I think in China the uh national
medical insurance is tightening its
spending. So it impacts many uh our
peers who receive revenue from national
insurance. But for us we are a health
consumption story. uh people pay us from
out of pocket cash or we get 10% from a
commercial insurance company. So that
distinguish us from uh uh many of our
peers.
>> What also distinguishes you from peers
as well is is some of the expansion that
you've done into Singapore into Malaysia
for instance. Talk us through I guess
further plans around that and also just
how you're planning to use the IPO
proceeds. Yeah, as many Chinese
companies are going overseas, we'd like
to cautiously expand overseas so we can
serve those Chinese employees
uh locally when they uh have medical
needs. Mhm.
>> The other side of the story is really we
see more and more foreigners including
sorry more foreigners and particularly
some Hong Kongers are coming to mainland
China for good services at great uh
price I would say. So uh with expanding
overseas
we have kind of brand awareness
and some kind of facility for those
foreigners who coming to China for
medical services.
>> Yeah I mean your clinics are right along
the border I believe in Shenzhen. So
and [laughter]
so are you interested in doing this
whole medical tourism then right
bringing patients to your clinics in
China? Is that something that you're
looking at?
>> We do some kind of trend. It's just that
it's just started. We'll wait and see
whether this could be a main,
>> you know, main component of revenue or
it's just phenomenal scene. Yeah.
>> So, I understand there's that two-way
street. You want to expand so you can
also increase traffic back into clinics
possibly in China. But, but in the
overseas uh postings or or places, where
are you looking at beyond say Singapore
and Malaysia? Do you have other markets
that you're targeting?
>> Yes, we do. We going to open our first
multispety clinic in Dubai this year.
>> Oh, okay.
>> We will start from there and see how it
works out. Yeah.
>> Why why target these these overseas
markets, right? Tell us a little bit
more about Singapore, Malaysia, Dubai.
>> What we can see is really more and more
foreigners actually come to China for
tourism or or for uh business.
probably the component uh the the uh
less probably from uh to to my
understanding is from the traditional
western countries but many are actually
from Southeast Asia from Middle East
Africa. So our footprint is really where
the Chinese company go and where uh you
know the foreigners are coming to China.
Let's talk about AI as well because I
think we've seen huge disruptions this
week to some models uh particularly for
instance in the in the legal sector. We
saw it in the financial sector overnight
and anthropic as a company is being
clear that it wants to target healthcare
as among the industries that they plan
to really uh t focus on essentially but
but how are you integrating AI and and
what's the role that you see as well for
your business? we start to benefit
significantly
from the development of AI technology in
particular large language models. So
based on the large language models we
build AI applications that could really
help us in two aspect. First is to
improve operation efficiency like we
have many uh over 50 AI applications
like uh uh appointment confirmation like
uh billing settlement like uh staff
scheduling things like that which were
used to be done by human assistants many
of the tasks done by human assistants by
uh human nurses and even human doctors
those tasks can be done by AI now. So
you can see our labor costs as
percentage revenue is is was down five
percentage points over the last two
years. Second AI could help us to
provide unique user experiences which is
we just started to roll out this year.
We could give uh users like uh um
flexibility here to manage the schedule.
For example, they can ask our AI agent
when is my next full shot.
>> Okay, those queries you cannot go to uh
do or or GPT because there's they don't
have personalized information of that.
So things like that will help us really
um to provide unique user experience in
today's era.
>> And you're backed by Tencent too. Um so
you've been able to kind of use the
tensen cloud AI and the like uh in your
operations. Tell us what about diagnosis
does how does AI help in in that?
>> First of all we benefit greatly for
being within the Tens ecosystem. So we
um use enterprise rech users. Uh users
can make appointments tele consultation
or mini programs. We leverage tens cloud
AI capabilities.
We even have partnership with several AI
technology companies invested by Tensen.
So we are very grateful to have a
substantial shareholder like Tensen.
Okay. So in terms of diagnosis, I think
it's probably technology company's job.
It's as a uh healthcare company we more
focusing on leveraging the technologies
to improve efficiency and offer unique
user experience.
>> Philip, it's great to have you. Thank
you so much for talking to us. Philip
Wang there, founder and CEO of Distinct
Healthcare. Uh we're still checking in
Asia assets here this morning on the
back of that Moody's warning of course
and downgrading the outlook uh for the
economy to negative. So there you go. We
are continuing to see yields picking up
and bonds selling off here this morning
on the back of that warning. So this on
the back of what we saw with Msei just a
few days ago certainly is becoming a
double whammy for Indonesia. We also are
seeing stocks fall once again too.
>> Yeah, just lots of concerns about policy
uncertainty and and potentially
weakening governance as well in the
country. But uh we'll leave that there.
If you are a subscriber and you want to
rewatch our recent interviews, you can
via our interactive TV function. So do
check it out at TV go. More ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[music]
President Trump says he'll host Japanese
Prime Minister Saiaki at the White House
next month. He's also endorsed her
coalition an election scheduled for
Sunday and called the US Japan trade
agreement struck last year one that
benefits both countries. And sticking
with those elections, polls are
suggesting that Takuchi's coalition is
set to expand its slim majority on
Sunday. That's even after her pledge to
cut sales taxes spooked investors.
Just three months into the job, Prime
Minister Sai Takawichi dissolved Japan's
lower house, calling a fresh vote for
February 8th.
Coming from a string of election
setbacks for the ruling Liberal
Democratic Party, Takahuchi is aiming to
capitalize on high public support and
increase her majority in the more
powerful Lower House. Some recent polls
show an approval rating of more than
60%. I think Takayichi is really in an
extremely enviable position. I mean, her
support rates have been consistently
extremely high. And I think that's going
to do quite a lot for her in this
election. A stronger mandate would make
it easier for Takayichi to push through
her agenda, including higher defense
spending and the largest supplemental
budget since the pandemic. But the road
to victory might not be straightforward.
The LDP's alliance with KTO fractured
last year, ending a 26-year political
partnership. The realignment injects new
uncertainty into Japan's electoral
dynamics. Voters, though, are more
focused on the cost of living. Inflation
has stayed above the Bank of Japan's 2%
target for more than 3 years, while
wages lag and a weak yen pushes up
import cost, giving a sense of falling
living standards. To ease the pressure,
Takayichi pledged to suspend the 8%
sales tax on food for 2 years.
Maybe it's because of the weather. But
the price of vegetables, some are just
shocking, aren't they? Even things like
snacks [music] and chocolate, their
prices haven't doubled yet, but they've
suddenly gone up quite a bit. Same with
rice.
>> I wish they stopped just talking about
tax cuts or eliminating the consumption
tax during the election season. and
actually put realistic measures into
practice.
>> The stakes are high. An increased
majority would give Takayichi a green
light to pursue what supporters call a
more [music] assertive Japan with higher
defense spending and state-led
investment. But a loss of seats would be
a self-inflicted wound for the new prime
minister, who has said she would step
down as party leader if that [music]
happens. Even before ballots are cast,
markets are reacting. The yen has
wavered and the government bond yields
have risen, reflecting investor unease
over Japan's fiscal path.
Since October of last year, we have
taken a very responsible approach to
public finance, talking about
responsible, sustainable, and proactive
fiscal policies. We are not talking
about expansionary fiscal policies and
this is demonstrated by some of the
numbers that we see. So I asked the
market participants to calm down.
Japanese stocks have already
outperformed many of the appeas as
investors focus on the so-called Takichi
trade. Ariel Buzzto Bloomberg Tokyo.
All right. And let's bring in Gro ready
now our opinion columnist. And you know
it's interesting. You think we should be
ready for something called Takai
derangement syndrome. tell us a bit more
what that means.
>> Well, it's a little bit of a play on uh
Trump derangement syndrome, which is a
phrase been going around um since Donald
Trump first became president back uh in
in 2016. Um and it it describes I'm not
trying to draw a comparison between the
two leaders because they're very
different people. Um you know, President
Trump breaks a lot of norms. You would
never see Takahichi, I think, um,
endorse a candidate in a foreign
election as President Trump uh, did
today when he endorsed um, Takahichi.
But there is a similarity in how they
can enrage their opponents and I think
we're already seeing that a little bit
with uh, Takichi over the last couple of
months. She has a real uh, presence in a
way that many Japanese leaders do not.
And she really tends to bring drag the
news cycle into her. We've already seen
this with the reaction from uh Beijing
over her comments on Taiwan that's
fallen off the news cycle a little bit,
but you can expect it to come back if
Takisha has a resounding win uh on
Sunday. We've also seen it with the
markets as as the piece just before I
came on showed. um markets overreacting,
I think, to her spending plans, assuming
that she's some sort of free spending,
you know, spendocrat um when really her
spending is is is, you know, very much
in line with her predecessors who were
often considered to be fiscally
conservative. So, I'm suggesting that
people need to read in between the lines
a little bit and not react to uh not
react to every headline, not react to
every comment that she makes.
If though Takiuchi does manage to to
expand the slim majority she has as the
polls are suggesting,
where do you think she goes and how do
you think she uses this this new
expanded mandate?
>> It's a good question because she is
almost certainly based on the polls uh
and Japanese polling I should say. Um
has a pretty good record over the last
couple of years even though uh in other
regions it hasn't it hasn't been so
good. So, we can assume that she's
definitely going to um to have a a
stable majority that she'll be able to
to push through um proposals. Um having
said that, you know, the the election
campaign has been pretty light on actual
policy suggestions, even the suggestion
of of cutting the sales tax on food.
Takichi has, to my knowledge, hasn't
mentioned that at all on the campaign
trail. And I wouldn't be surprised to
see that policy uh disappear entirely.
What I think we can assume is that she
will um she will have a a a mandate to
to lead and she may start talking about
more proposals such as sales tax, such
as um potentially constitutional reform,
which is one thing that she has brought
up uh on the election campaign um and
maybe trying to enact some more um
expansive policies, not not fiscally
expansive, but I mean broad in the scope
of vision in terms of she has a lot of
areas that she wants Japan to
concentrate on Japanese industry to
concentrate on such as AI, quantum
computing, energy, these kind of areas.
We can assume we will see more of that.
We haven't seen much of that from
Takahuchi so far because she's been
concentrating on passing last year's
extra budget and then as soon as we
started, you know, this year, she's um
immediately been into election campaign
mode.
>> All right, Gro, thanks very much for
joining us this morning. and great
opinion piece as well uh titled get
ready for the Takayuchi derangement
syndrome. Let's shift to another
election now because Thailand is heading
into its third vote in seven years this
weekend. Uh let's get to Bangkok where
our Bloomberg inside anchor has Linda
Armin standing by. So Haz just explain
the significance of this election.
Well, Bill, this is yet another
opportunity for Thailand to reset its
economy after 20 years of political
uncertainty. Remember, we have been here
before. You said this is the third
election in 7 years. We've seen three
prime ministers in 3 years, and only one
government has successfully completed a
full four-year term. So, it's been a
revolving door. It's been so difficult
to ensure political stability. And yet
here we are at another crossroads, at
another juncture, at another election. A
lot of hopes pinned on this election.
But if you're hopeful, you may want to
be a bit more measured because opinions
out there are that we'll see yet another
hung parliament. Not a single uh
political party is expected to win a
majority of the seats to form a
government. Expect a lot of political
wrangling, a lot of horse trading.
expect a coalition government that will
fail yet again to push through
structural reforms needed by the country
needed by the economy. So it's almost
that we feel like it is back to square
one for uh this particular country. Uh
as I said investors have been pretty
much uh up in arms sitting on the hands
not wanting to invest in the country. If
you take a look at how Thai stocks have
done they were among the worst
performers in the world. They are
waiting for clarity and hopefully this
election will provide just that.
>> Yeah. Tell us a little bit more about
how campaigning has been but what have
been sort of the policy platforms for
for the political parties.
>> Well for a start vaugh I mean this
election is more about the economy less
about the politics and you can feel it
as you walk in the streets of Bangkok.
people are pretty downbeat because
they've had to uh grapple with a high
cost of living and businesses which
aren't doing well and also stimulus
which isn't really translating to growth
in the country. So it is about the
economy. It is less about politics and
we're seeing uh that in the form of uh
what's being promised during the
campaigns here in uh Bangkok and
elsewhere in the country. Uh we have
political parties promising handouts,
cash, handout subsidies and we had Pu
Thai party in particular in fact uh you
know dangling 1 million B for nine
people every day to ensure that they can
counter the high cost of living. Whether
or not that is sound economics remains
to be seen. This is one economy that
needs money to be chneled thoughtfully
in AI uh sectors in the education system
that will help produce skilled labor uh
to meet the demands of the future. So
that's been dangled and two political
parties in particular come to mind. One
is Bumjay Thai party which is headed by
incumbent uh prime minister Anuin. He's
of course a ve very popular figure. He
was a health minister during co and he's
been the kingmaker for the past 20
years. And the other party of course is
a people's party. Young progressive
pushing for reform. Reforms that people
want to see but have not been able to be
translated in reality.
>> All right has thank you. There our
Bloomberrook inside anchor joining us
live from Bangkok ahead of that
election. And for more of course on
Thailand stay tuned to our interviews in
the next hour with Haz. analysis from
the dean of the faculty of social
sciences and humanities at Mahjido
University. We're also speaking with the
head of Thai chips from Hannah Hana
micro electronics. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Right, taking a look at how markets are
fairing [music] this morning and we're
actually seeing some sentiment. It is
improving. It's off the lows of the day.
Of course, it's still in negative
territory, but doing much better than
where we started the session. So, you've
got the likes of SKH High, Samsung for
instance, that were earlier down as much
as 5% now around 1 and a.5% in the red.
So, that's the chip story there. We can
leave that one but let's just take a
look at how the Cosby is fairing
intraday as well because we are have
been on track for the first weekly loss
of 2026 still probably setting up that
direction but again it is sort of
stabilizing somewhat
>> stabilizing somewhat who would have
thought talking about 1% declines is
stabilizing uh when it comes to markets
here these days that's just how volatile
things have been but we're checking when
it comes to Bitcoin even stabilization
there as well uh so [music] at least
there's some green crossing there when
it comes to Bitcoin we're back above
that 64 4,000 level. Interesting take
contrarian [music] from JB Morgan
saying, you know, in terms of Bitcoin,
more attractive than gold over the long
term. You talk about the upside
potential here against gold's defensive
[music] appeal. That's it for us here on
the China show. Have a great weekend.